(PE-31356) Add individual creds fields (#11)
puppetlabs/puppetlabs-gcloud_inventory: README.md

| Option | Type | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- |
| `credentials` | `String` | A path to the service account credentials file. Accepts either an absolute path or a path relative to the Bolt project directory. _Optional._ |
| `gcloud_client_email` | `String` | The Google Cloud client email to use.
| `gcloud_token_uri` | `String` | The Google Cloud token uri to use.

> | `gcloud_private_key` | `String` | The Google Cloud private key to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gcloud_client_email` | `String` | The Google Cloud client email to use. _Optional._ |
| `gcloud_token_uri` | `String` | The Google Cloud token uri to use. _Optional._ |
| `gcloud_private_key` | `String` | The Google Cloud private key to use. _Optional. |
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think we want the `gcloud_` prefix on these. I added `aws_` for the aws version because the keys in the credentials file have that prefix, so I figured that's the canonical form. It looks like the gcloud credentials file just calls them `client_email`, `token_uri`, `private_key`.

Author: Fair enough. I'll update that

The plugin supports loading a credentials file from a path specified in either the `credentials` option
or the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable. A path specified in the `credentials`

> ption or credentials specified in the `client_email`, `token_uri` and `private_key` fields will take

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option or credentials specified in the `gcloud_client_email`, `gcloud_token_uri` and `gcloud_private_key` fields will take
```
